Exponent Energy focuses on developing fast charging technology for electric vehicles.
Bigspoon is a cloud kitchen startup that has an omnichannel approach to ordering and delivery.
Phyllo provides economy-focused data infrastructure that connects with every creator platform.
Wombat is a curated fractional thematic investment platform that allows people to invest in the brands they understand, use and love.
FOMO Pay is a fintech company that provides digital payment and banking solutions.
Explo operates a data exploration and analysis platform to connect directly to database or warehouse sources.
Sweatcoin is a digital currency backed by economic value of physical movement.
Privado is a software company that builds tools for the simplification of data privacy compliance.
Flossy is a dental platform that offers patients access to high-quality dental care at an affordable price.
ModernLoop is a platform to automates and streamlines interview coordination to ensure a great hiring experience
Awign is a work fulfillment platform that specializes in the gig workforce and provides last-mile delivery services.
HealthAssure is a healthtech startup that aggregates primary healthcare services and OPD insurance for corporates and individuals.
Microverse is an online school for remote software developers that costs nothing until getting the job.
Cygni Energy is a manufacturer of energy storage devices for commercial and institutional customers.
Kinside is a child care marketplace powered by employers.
Rusk Media is a content studio that distributes their own premium IPs and branded content across social media platforms.
Klavi is revolutionizing financial services in Brazil through Open Finance solutions.
Worldfavor is a sustainability management and reporting platform enabling companies to understand their impact and make sustainable actions.
PeakData is a software platform to identify and analyze key opinion leaders in your therapeutic area.
Motivo connects mental health organizations with virtual clinical supervisors and licensed providers to fill mental health workforce gaps.
Spin Technology is an AI-Powered SaaS Data Protection platform that monitors and back up G Suite, Microsoft 365, and Salesforce data.
Healthie offers infrastructure for next gen digital health companies that offer virtual-first care. API-First EHR & Client Engagement.
ReturnLogic is a developer of a SaaS returns optimization platform for modern retailers.
Akash Systems is focused on developing and supplying the next generation of communications gear for space satellites.
BankiFi is a bussiness technology firm.
Myplanet is an online software developer that provides customized product production and retail platform engineering.
Protex AI develops an AI-powered proactive health and safety technology that enables an injury-free industrial workplace.
Hourwork develops a recruitment and retention platform that connects employers with hourly workers.
The place for cryptocurrency in Asia. CoinHako.
Delivering easy, affordable renovation and good designs to more homeowners via an end-to-end, all-in-one automated solution.
Mahmee is an integrated care delivery platform for maternal and infant health.
Jiminny allows users to record, transcribe, and analyze calls and meetings in real-time to help capture important data points.
Chamberlain Coffee is a manufacturer and retailer of coffee and related products.
Topl is an ESG technology company that is building a blockchain ecosystem to prove a business’ ethical and sustainable business practices.
Magic provides a 24/7 SMS based on-demand personal assistant service.
iProcure is a Kenyan startup focused on optimizing rural supply chains.
Goodr is a sustainable surplus food management platform that leverages technology to reduce food waste and combat hunger.
EyeMyEye provides a wide range of eyewear from in-house collections and international brands.
Vori is a B2B operating system for the grocery industry, streamlining operations and democratizing food supply access.
Eva is helping businesses build authentic relationships with their clients by making it easy to send personalized gifts.
Cultures To Love is the leading provider of Kefir, Yogurt, Kombucha, Sourdough & Tempeh products in India.
HazelTree offers a comprehensive treasury management solution to hedge funds and institutional investors.
River is a electric vehicle startup buildings multi-utility scooters in India
Quotabook is a company that specializes in equity management.
Propseller is a real estate agency that offers property owners a reliable way to sell by combining in-house agents with technology.
Eka.Care is a digitally enabled and connected healthcare ecosystem focused on better health outcomes.
Civic Eagle develops software that helps companies discover and analyze legislation and regulations with no manual work.
Reflaunt gives brand's customers the option to re-sell or donate their wardrobes on the brand's individual e-commerce platforms.
Make benefits work for everyone, everywhere
Cartona is a B2B e-commerce marketplace that connects buyers and sellers across the supply chain.
CareHarmony is the premier provider of technology-enabled care coordination services for chronic disease management. 
See, Know, and Defend Your Industrial Environment
Lumu is a cybersecurity company that helps enterprises identify and isolate cyber-compromise in real-time.
Vetted is an AI-powered product search engine that helps consumers discover the best products and prices effortlessly.
Partake Foods is a food and beverage company that specializes in selling allergy-friendly cookies.
Zeepay is the fastest growing fintech focusing on digital rails to connect digital assets.
Naborforce connects older adults to a network of “Nabors” for social engagement and on-demand support for errands.
ShareTrip is the country’s first and leading online travel platform that provides end to end travel solution and experience.
Reposite is the all-in-one workspace to power the travel trade.
Building the future of membership and loyalty for brands
AI/ML Boutique Fitness Automation Software Platform / Vertical SaaS serving $2B Boutique Fitness & Personal Training Market
Plerk is a Fintech and banking solution for employees, starting with perks and benefits.
Unstoppable Finance is building a next-gen crypto wallet to bring DeFi to retail investors globally.
Residently is a digital property renting platform that helps renters arrange viewings and take virtual tours.
Creative Galileo is an Edtech startup that focuses on the early learning of children.
Paubox mission is to provide market leadership in the HIPAA compliant email space.
NFT Genius creates the next generation of immersive NFT experiences.
Compliance.ai's mission is to empower Compliance professionals with the most comprehensive regulatory change management platform. 
Fair Square Medicare provides a consumer-friendly way for seniors to buy health insurance.
Bacon helps companies find qualified workers to fill shifts on short notice using an app.
ShopSe is a fintech company that provides a platform for pay later and instant EMI.
Stableton Financial is a marketplace for Alternative Investments.
Fora is a travel agency that offers advisor-curated travel guides for destinations near and far.
Defendify is the leading all-in-one SaaS cybersecurity platform for organizations with growing security needs.
DaaS, Data and technology company focused on building #dataindependence for our clients through strategic data-driven marketing solutions.
Mobot is a QA-as-a-service platform using real mechanical robots to automate testing on real mobile devices.
Mokobara is a luggage brand that offers luggages, suitcases, bags, duffels, and backpacks designed for modern travel.
A new, more effective bill-payment method that reduces credit risk and gives customers peace of mind.
Genecis is an early-stage organic waste processing startup that uses biotechnology to convert waste into high value materials.
Eyestem is a cell therapy company founded by a top-class management team.
Invisible Universe is an internet-first animation studio that develops original character IP on social media and web3 platforms.
Beauty Bakerie is an e-commerce, cosmetics company that offers a full product line of some of the world's sweetest ingredients.
Better Stack creates devops solutions that turn logs and monitoring into a secret weapon for faster delivery of software.
DhiWise is a next-generation graphical programming platform for building entrepreneurship applications.
Wint Wealth is a platform for retail investors to invest in assets that give higher fixed deposit returns that are less risky than equities.
Northbeam is a platform for marketing measurement that uses machine learning for DTC and ecommerce brands.
Leading app to book health, beauty, wellness, fitness services, integrated with our SaaS solution for thousands providers in SEA
FreedomFi build cost efficient PrivateLTE networks using commodity hardware, open source software and CBRS shared spectrum.
Treble.ai is a software company that links businesses with mobile-first users worldwide.
DataProphet is a developer of machine learning and AI technology to serve the manufacturing industry.
Xona Space Systems is building a next-generation satellite navigation system.
Localeur is a global community of locals who help travelers experience local by sharing their favorite local places to eat, drink, and play.
Jify is building employee financial wellness via earned salary access and better money management tools.
Zap-Map is a charging and electric vehicles site, with UK charging point map at the core.
Revolutionizing prostate cancer treatment.
XSET is an Esports Company that organizes popular titles such as Call of Duty, Valorant, and Fortnite.
Building the digital playground for fans across sports & culture
MolecuLight develops portable handheld optical imaging devices for point-of-care wound analysis.
Datch operates as an intelligent voice interface for industrial environments.
Twid (That’s What I Do) is India’s first rewards-based payment network.
Daye is a gynecological health company that creates products and services for vaginal treatment.
RevFin is a digital onboarding platform that provides loans.
GlobalFair is a B2B tech-based platform that simplifies the procurement of building materials.
Masai School is an outcome driven career school that serves as a military-style coding institute.
Safely provides commercial insurance and guest screening solutions for the vacation rental market.
Joro is an app that tracks the users' carbon footprint and develops a climate action practice.
Skuad is a Global HR Platform that automates payroll management, local compliance, and taxation of their employees.
Emocha Health is a digital health company that enables every patient to take every dose with video technology and scalable human engagement.
Orderly Network uses an on-chain orderbook to provide a platform through decentralized exchange protocol and modular ecosystems.
Way helps businesses unlock the power of brand activations
ALAMI is a peer-to-peer (P2P) lending platform that helps people fund small businesses.
Identity threat detection and response for enterprise security
Flickstree is a AI-enabled video publisher network that allows the user to engage and monetize their traffic.
Vara develops a breast cancer screening platform powered by AI.
Regie is an all-in-one AI content creation and management system for modern GTM teams.
Devtron is an open source DevOps platform.
EcoCart is a climate and sustainability-focused eCommerce enablement startup pitching consumers on ways to offset their carbon emissions.
Creative Destruction Lab (CDL) is a no-fee/no-equity mentoring program for the founders and executives of pre-seed stage ventures.
Floreo develops therapy virtual reality for people with autism.
Gather AI is a provider software-only automated inventory monitoring solutions for modern warehouses.
ForeVR is a gaming company dedicated to bringing VR to the masses.
Hey Jane is a telehealth startup that connects patients to healthcare providers that offer online medical consultations.
GroMo is a financial product selling app which empowers every Indian to earn money by selling insurance, credit cards, savings accounts etc.
ARTA is a logistics software and fulfillment service for goods and collectibles.
Makersite is a cloud-based product data management tool that helps companies manage product sustainability, cost, and compliance.
Orbit Fab is a supplier of tankers and other infrastructure needed for in-space refueling of satellites.
An Enterprise Innovation Platform comprising: Idea Management, Open Innovation Marketplace, Innovation Consulting, Portfolio Management
Aerwave provides users in shared wireless environments with enhanced security through private Wi-Fi networks.
Bhanzu is a math-learning platform that encourages careers in math and STEM fields among learners.
imBee is a SaaS company which provides world-class conversational tools that enable multiple departments to collaborate and engage.
NirogStreet is a B2B tech enabled and doctor led platform to mainstream Ayurveda
Cleardekho is the Uttar Pradesh based online eyewear marketplace.
Data-driven interventions for Long Term Care
Lunio surgically removes IVT, bots, and invalid users from all the paid acquisition efforts.
Fluree is an open source semantic graph database that guarantees data integrity, secure data sharing, and powers connected data insights.
Klaus is a customer service quality management app for running an effective QA process, coaching agents and boosting customer retention.
Premier strategic partner to the world's largest Consumer Goods companies for sales, category, and revenue management.
Carats & Cake is an events management company that provides financial operating system for the events and property groups.
invygo app-based car subscription company that gives customers an access to dealership verified cars.
Digital platform that lets small retailers in emerging markets finance consumer goods and enables a mobile cashless payments.
LatticeFlow is empowering organizations to build and deploy robust AI they can understand and trust.
Revelio Labs provides an in-depth view into the workforces of companies around the world.
The #1 Mobile Microlearning App for your Frontline Team
Rephrase builds generative AI tools to create professional videos with the ease of writing text.
Net Purpose is the world's first data provider to make impact measurement effortless for investors: who invest for profit and purpose
Murf AI is a synthetic speech technology startup developing lifelike AI voices for podcasts, slideshows, and professional presentations.
Resonai powers machines to understand the world through super-human visual perception.
Fantasy Football Mobile App & The First Football Video NFTs Marketplace, backed by IP.
SolarSquare Energy is a residential solar company that designs and installs solar rooftop panels for homes and commercial establishments.
Smart claims platform for augmented insurance
Online home services platform that connects homeowners with trusted service professionals.
ServiceUp provides a "one stop shop" type of platform to manage all services for cars.
Revenue Analytics is a tech-enabled consulting firm that focuses on revenue management and pricing analytics.
Field Agent is a provider of enterprise services that offers mobile research and retail data collection.
WORKERBASE is a Low-Code SaaS Platform that orchestrates processes in manufacturing and enables its customers to make 20%+ more revenue
Lyka is Australia's healthiest dog food subscription that provides fresh food for your dog on demand.
FLX Networks is a B2B community modernizing and simplifying the engagement experience between asset management and wealth management
Procol is a procurement platform for large enterprises to help monitor and reduce spend.
Ecoligo is an impact investment provider, implementing solar energy solutions that generate economic and environmental returns.
K12 Techno Services is a K-12 school management company running over 80 schools across Hyderabad, Bangalore and Mumbai.
Drivetrain's financial planning & decision-making platform helps businesses scale and achieve their targets predictably.
Neural Payments provides payment services to assist financial institutions in adopting change.
Franq is the pioneer and leading platform for independent brokers to distribute banks and fintech financial services independently.
Waste4Change brings solution to solve Indonesia’s waste management using Technology & collaboration with a sustainable business model.
Generally Intelligent is an independent research lab investigating the fundamentals of learning.
Biller Genie provides an automated cloud-based A/R platform that integrates existing business processes for small and mid-sized businesses.
Wahyoo is the largest F&B SME enabler platform in Indonesia.
Mindful Care provides affordable and accessible mental healthcare and offers same and next-day appointments.
PropertyScout is a proptech startup that builds an end-to-end rental and sale platform for owners, agents, buyers, and tenants.
Greenzie develops software for autonomous robotic lawn mowers to reduce the labor costs of lawn maintenance.
Respond.io is a commerce conversational platform that helps enterprise businesses extend their marketing and sales initiatives.
CLASSUM is a chatting based QA system designed to increase class engagement.
Technology powering services and products in the home
Cloud Native Runtime Security from Spyderbat detects and stops attacks throughout your Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC).
Qunnect is a spin-off venture company enabling the quantum internet for quantum repeater operation.
Hemispherian is a biotechnology firm that formulates new treatments for all kinds of cancer.
Sigmoid is a Data Solutions company offering best-in-class services in Data Engineering and Data Science
Motion is an AI time management platform that provides real-time interventions, reminders, and analytics.
BluSapphire Technologies is the first and only unified cyber defense platform with intelligent response automation.
Laylo helps creators connect with and monetize their super fans through live ticketed digital experiences.
White-label cashback rewards platform with patented technologies to power custom loyalty solutions and reward customers' online shopping.
Ownera is an institutional-grade network for digital securities.
CNote enables corporations, foundations, and individuals to investment and make deposits into underserved communities.
Modl.ai delivers game technology that accelerates game development and enhances player engagement around the world.
SaaS operational software for addiction recovery and mental health treatment centers
Europe’s leading platform for content marketing talent.
Treet helps modern brands grow responsibly through resale
Liquiloans is a Peer to Peer Lending platform
Dltledgers develops an inter-enterprise software platform that digitizes the global trade process and extended supply chain.
InsideTracker features its platform that analyzes and tracks key biochemical and physiological markers.
91Squarefeet is a retail design and development company that helps offline businesses scale up.
Mobile-based operating system to manage construction & architectural projects
Cashflo is a finance startup that offers finance automation tools for corporates and SMEs.
Revenue analysis and optimization platform
Datamaran is one of the world’s most sophisticated and powerful semantic business intelligence tools.
Jobbatical is an AI-enabled immigration and relocation platform focused on making immigration easy.
Leadgence accelerates revenue growth for enterprises targeting small and mid-size businesses.
Allocations is building a private equity & venture capital economy that is open to all
Rootine is optimizing health and human performance with precision nutrition.
Oxwash is a provider of sustainable on-demand laundry and wet and dry cleaning services for all.
Federato is an underwriting platform for insurance companies.
StayVista is a South Asia's largest luxury holiday home rental management company. We are on a mission to build the "Marriott for Homes"
Manufactured is an end-to-end inventory manufacturing and finance solution that connects businesses with vendors.
Bond Pet Foods makes pet food from real animal protein, without the animal by working with biotechnology.
Virtual Internship Partners provides transformative, 21st-century remote-work experiences for students and graduates
Reejig is a workforce intelligence platform powered by the world's first independently audited Ethical Talent AI.
TrovaTrip is an audience monetization platform via authentic experiences for topic influencers.
Turaco develops simplified insurance and credit solutions through mobile technology to solve the healthcare financing needs.
Flair makes smart vents and wireless thermostats and advanced software for residential heating and cooling.
Collaborative tax governance platform for global teams
Purple Style Labs is an omnichannel luxury fashion platform where people can discover and buy Indian designer wear.
Redefining the design & delivery of affordable, sustainable & smart homes by leveraging disruptive digital technologies
Build Better User Onboarding Without Coding
Akshayakalpa is an organic food company that manufactures, sells, and markets organic milk products.
Dataset experimentation tooling that transforms the ways CV/ML scientists evaluate their data.
Edda is a collaborative tool for professional investors
Nutromics is a healthcare company that focuses on real-time remote biomarker monitoring devices.
CertifyOS is an API-driven platform automating all stages of provider network management: licensing, enrollment, credentialing, monitoring.
Delli offers a variety of food and beverages.
Ideon Technologies is a world pioneer in the application of cosmic-ray muon tomography.
Chargezoom is an embedded finance company offering an integrated billing and payments platform.
Falkon AI is an intelligence platform for marketing, sales, and account management teams.
Soundstripe offers unlimited, royalty-free music, stock video, and sound effects for use in videos, podcasts, and other media projects.
FableStreet is a Premium work-wear brand.
Zilla Security is an early-stage security startup that provides software-as-a-service security management platform.
Enact’s platform enables remote design, sales proposals and project management for solar storage, as well as improve end-customer engagement
Planet FWD is a carbon management platform for consumer products that helps brands calculate their carbon footprint.
InnerPlant is an ag-tech company that features a data platform that increases field health and drives value throughout the supply chain.
Higlobe is an international payment platform for overseas freelancers, contractors, and independent workers with U.S. business clients.
Stubben Edge is a technology-based financial services group that enables intermediaries & clients to make easy decisions about their risks.
Liefergrün is a technology platform striving for the most convenient and sustainable delivery experience in e-commerce.
InsightFinder is a software company that provides smart monitoring and predictive analytics services for IT operations.
Dame Products is a sexual wellness brand with the purpose of making phenomenal sex toys.
Glamyo Health is a Series B Funded - Asset Light Healthcare provider delivering a hassle-free experience for all elective surgeries.
FINDMINE specializes in using machine learning to automate manual and tedious tasks in the retail industry.
The world’s leading peer-to-peer matching platform for institutional foreign exchange transactions.
Elevatus is a leading tech company that offers an award-winning hiring platform and futuristic video interviewing software
Bachan's is a food and beverage company that produces traditional Japanese barbecue sauce to serve customers.
OQ Technology provides ubiquitous global network coverage for the next unconnected 50 billion IoT devices and machines
Hubble is a decentralized financial protocol that allows for long-term borrowing, lending, and structured products.
Neurofenix is aiming to make rehabilitation more autonomous, enjoyable and accessible to stroke victims.
InvestSuite is a global fintech providing automated investment solutions to financial institutions of all sizes.
Prewave uses machine learning to predict supply chain and sustainability risks based on social media analysis in 50+ languages
BeepKart is a full-stack online retailer of used 2-wheelers.
Deep Rooted offers freshness, which benchmarks quality.
Vega Cloud is a SaaS application for public cloud infrastructure management.
Brelyon is a developer of a display used to replace traditional monitors and virtual reality headgear.
Lit Protocol is decentralized access control infrastructure designed to bring more utility to the web.
LoudCrowd is a SaaS company redefining the way brands invest and interact with their customers as a tool for growth.
Restaurant Management Software and Online Restaurant Reservations
Femtosense is a technology company.
KPay is a financial technology company that provides payment collection solutions to SME merchants.
Assiduus Global is a full service E-Commerce management company.
PlanetWatchers is a geospatial intelligence and enterprise natural resource monitoring service.
Sidequest is a community driven app store for virtual reality.
AIKON makes blockchain technology simple. We build cross-chain identity and wallet solutions - ORE ID and ORE Vault.
Chari is a B2B e-commerce and fintech platform for traditional proximity stores in French Speaking Africa.
Optellum develops an imaging biomarker for smart lung cancer detection.
Rosaly is a financial service provider company.
LearnLux is a digital, independent financial, and benefits education platform.
Xembly applies Intelligent Automation to improve meeting productivity.
Foxglove is a computer software company that develops tools to accelerate robotics development.
Jeli is an incident analysis platform that combines more comprehensive data to deliver more proactive solutions and identify problems.
Elpha Secure is a provider of cybersecurity solutions and software protection to small businesses.
Acurable develops wearable medical devices able to accurately diagnose and manage respiratory conditions at home.
CIM creates innovative building analytics software that helps run large buildings at their peak performance.
Next generation search API
Currensea is a multi-currency debit card provider that links with their existing bank account allowing money transfers internationally.
JITX provides electronic design as a service.
Your complete Risk & Compliance Operating System, including award-winning mobile app and world-first AI engine.
Hume AI is a research lab and technology company that provides expressive communication tools.
Sympatient is building the first digital anxiety clinic.
Business process automation based on RPA robots called AI Workers that learn through human-AI teamwork
Full Stack Digital Health Clinic
Populus is a data platform for cities to manage and price commercial fleets.
VRGL specializes in offering data analytics, portfolio performance, investment strategies, and guidance for wealth management businesses.
Skribble is a platform for electronic signatures that presupposes the identification of the signatures.
Neutral is a carbon-neutral food company that builds a sustainable carbon-neutral food ecosystem starting with milk and a half and half.
Clarity is transforming how governments, communities, and businesses understand and respond to air pollution with Sensing-as-a-Service.
EDJX is an edge computing platform powering real-time applications.
ELISE GmbH is a Connected Engineering Software used in product development to develop better products faster.
Coolmate is an online marketplace that provides menswear directly to its clients through online e-commerce channels.
Daalchini provides affordable, quality home-food instantly via smart vending machines.
LevelField is a financial services company that offers traditional banking, securities, and digital assets services.
Lytica is a supply chain analytics SaaS provider to electronics companies focusing on supply chain cost, security of supply and compliance.
Midnight Health is on a mission to provide patient-led digital first healthcare.
Manufacturing as a service
Players’ Lounge is an online platform where gamers can compete for cash.
Wallife investigates the new boundaries of the risks, originated by technological and scientific progress.
Atropos Health rapidly provides personalized real-world evidence for any clinical decision.
Maximus increases your own natural testosterone with a safe & effective doctor-prescribed program.
Fitterfly offers customized and personalized wellness programs for diabetes & Obesity.
Burger Singh is an India-based online food ordering web application.
PixieBrix is a low-code extension builder to rapidly customize and automate the web tools your teams already use
Coinshift is a crypto treasury management platform that helps businesses and decentralized autonomous organizations.
Geomiq is an intelligent platform that provides Instant quotes and Instant ordering of custom manufactured parts.
Farther Finance is a developer of an investment advisory platform used to provide modern technology with trusted advice.
Finlync is a fintech company that manages complex financial needs through its ERP native apps and API connectivity.
LOCAD is a cloud-based solution for e-commerce fulfillment that combines an integrated platform with warehouses and logistics partners.
Astra is an automation platform for the movement of money.
Professional OTC energy trading for Europe
Inclined is a financial technology company that helps policyholders enhance the value of their life insurance policies.
Devicie provides device security and management for organizations.
ModusBox is a software company helping financial institutions.
Penpot is the first Open Source design and prototyping platform meant for cross-domain teams.
ChainSafe Systems is a global leader in blockchain protocol and infrastructure development located in Toronto.
DeepUll is a biotech company that focuses its activity on the development of a new diagnostic system for early-stage sepsis condition.
Crowdmarketing, social marketing and commerce, micro-influencer, nano-influencer marketplace platform
At Eezee, we aim to streamline the lengthy and tedious procurement process with the use of technology.
Zitara builds battery management software for enterprises with large deployments.
Glife Technologies is an AgriTech startup.